---
title: FAQs
layout: page
description: FAQs
bodyClass: page-basic
---

You have questions, and we have some answers for you. 

- **What does PAZL do?**

    PAZL offers an immersive, high-tech 3D tool that empowers users to effortlessly
design their dream homes from the comfort of their own space. With the aid of
cutting-edge Artificial Intelligence, PAZL provides instant designs and
renders, allowing users to visualize their ideas quickly. The integrated
pricing engine and material optimizer ensure real-time cost estimation and
efficient manufacturing of the designs. Additionally, PAZL introduces the
exciting feature of mixed reality through Microsoft HoloLens 2, enabling users
to experience and interact with their envisioned spaces in an entirely new way.

- **How is it different from existing design software like Sketchup & Blender?**

    PAZL sets itself apart from traditional design software like Sketchup and
Blender by embracing a user-friendly approach. With a vast array of prebuilt,
customized models/modules, users are spared the need to create designs from
scratch, streamlining the process significantly. Unlike other design software,
PAZL does not require technical expertise, making it accessible to anyone, even
those without prior design experience.

- **Is the software user-friendly for non-professional users?**

    Absolutely! PAZL has been thoughtfully designed to cater to users without
any technical background or design expertise. Formerly, individuals had to rely
on external sources for design references, but with PAZL, they can now create
their unique designs from start to finish, all with ease and control.

- **What is the price validity for the modules listed on the site?**

    The pricing provided on the platform is dynamic and subject to real-time
changes. However, once a user confirms an order, their price is locked and will
not be affected by subsequent fluctuations.

- **How do I confirm the order once I have confirmed the design?**

    Once users add their selected modules to the design and finalize it, the
real-time pricing engine updates the cart. After reviewing the design, users
can proceed to check out from the cart, effectively placing their order.

- **How long does it take for my order to get delivered and installed?**

    Upon placing the order and completing the design, a certified designer will
review the project. Following that, a PAZL certified engineer will visit the
site to ensure design accuracy, sizes, and site conditions. Any required
modifications will be communicated to the user. After this, manufacturing will
commence, followed by installation, resulting in a completion timeframe of 6-8
weeks from the order placement date.

- **What happens if my order is delayed?**

    Any potential delays will be communicated to customers well in advance.
Additionally, users will receive a discount on their order in case of a
significant delay.

- **Can I cancel my order once placed?**

    Customers have a 48-hour window to cancel their order and receive a full refund.

- **How long do I have to change my design once the order has been placed?**

    Customers have 48 hours to make changes to their design. During this
period, they also have the option to consult with PAZL's in-house designers for
expert guidance.

- **Would there be an in-person meeting with a design specialist or technician?**

    Yes, users have the option to consult with PAZL's designers, engineers, and
technicians at any stage of the design process.

- **How would you assess real-time site conditions?**

    PAZL certified engineers and technicians will be present at various times
to monitor site conditions in real-time.

- **Would I be able to do civil works/alterations & other MEP works via PAZL?**

    Yes, PAZL's technicians are well-equipped to handle civil alterations and
MEP works at an additional cost.

- **What are the terms of warranty/guarantee?**

    PAZL offers a 10-year warranty on catalogue products and a 1-year warranty on services.

- **What is a cut-list optimizer?**

    PAZL's Material/Cutlist optimizer is a state-of-the-art application
tailored for panel cutting. It offers optimal solutions and cutting patterns
based on available stock sheets and price optimization.

- **Will there be a difference in order value based on site visit?**

    Since virtual designing is based on customer-provided measurements, there
might be slight variations in sizes during the site visit. Any resulting
changes in the order value will be promptly communicated to the customer by
PAZL's technical team.

- **Would I be able to change colors of my floors, walls, and ceilings via the app?**

    Yes, PAZL allows users to choose multiple color combinations, textures, and
finishes for their walls, floors, furniture, and countertops.

- **Does PAZL have design experts to do the designing if the user cannot?**

    Yes, PAZL has a team of certified designers and architects available on the
platform who can be consulted at any point during the design process. Customers
also have the option to let the designer handle the entire home design if they
prefer.

- **Can I become a partner of PAZL?**

    Certainly! PAZL is always seeking qualified designers, architects,
technicians, engineers, and manufacturers to partner with and join their
platform.

